 ## VPC Module 2

This module creates a VPC with public, private, and database subnets. It also creates a NAT gateway and a route table for the database subnets.

### Step-by-Step Explanation

1. The first step is to define the Terraform configuration files. The following files are required:

    * `vpc-module2/f1-version.tf`
    * `vpc-module2/f2-generic-var.tf`
    * `vpc-module2/f3-local-value.tf`
    * `vpc-module2/f4-01-vpc-module.tf`
    * `vpc-module2/f4-02-vpc-outputs.tf`
    * `vpc-module2/terraform.tfvars`
    * `vpc-module2/vpc-03-variable.tf`
    * `vpc-module2/vpc-auto.tfvars`

2. The `vpc-module2/f1-version.tf` file defines the Terraform version and the required providers.

3. The `vpc-module2/f2-generic-var.tf` file defines the generic variables that are used in the module.

4. The `vpc-module2/f3-local-value.tf` file defines the local values that are used in the module.

5. The `vpc-module2/f4-01-vpc-module.tf` file defines the VPC module.

6. The `vpc-module2/f4-02-vpc-outputs.tf` file defines the outputs of the VPC module.

7. The `vpc-module2/terraform.tfvars` file defines the values of the variables that are used in the module.

8. The `vpc-module2/vpc-03-variable.tf` file defines the variables that are specific to the VPC module.

9. The `vpc-module2/vpc-auto.tfvars` file defines the values of the variables that are specific to the VPC module.

10. Once the Terraform configuration files have been created, you can initialize Terraform by running the following command:

    ```
    terraform init
    ```

11. Once Terraform has been initialized, you can create the VPC by running the following command:

    ```
    terraform

Generated by [BlackboxAI](https://www.useblackbox.ai)